Add Mappings php case for php8 attributes and type declarations (#181)
ramsey/uuid-doctrine: README.md

}
```

> or as follow with [PHP8 attributes](https://www.php.net/manual/fr/language.attributes.overview.php) and [Type declarations](https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.types.declarations.php):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or, as follows, with [PHP 8 attributes](https://www.php.net/attributes) and [type declarations](https://www.php.net/types.declarations):
```
